<ui:fragment xmlns="http://www.w3c.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets" xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

	<p:cache>
	
		<p:importEnum type="ports.soc.ides.controller.helper.IdesPage" var="Page" allSuffix="ALL_IDES_PAGES" />
	
		<p:panel header="Help and how to use" toggleable="false" collapsed="true" styleClass="main-background" >
		</p:panel>
		<p:panel>
			<p:tabView>
				<p:tab title="How to use">
					<p:accordionPanel activeIndex="">
						<p:tab title="How to submit an idea?">
							Before submitting an idea, please make sure that you have all information prepared.<br/>
							There are two types of information that are needed in order to create an idea.
							<ul>
								<li><b>Project Client</b><br/>
									Every project must have a client. 
									The information of your client that is needed consists of full name of your client, email address and the name &amp; address of organisation/company that your client is working for.
									<br/> <br/>
								</li>
								<li><b>Project Detail</b><br/>
									Information of your idea of the project such as project title, aims and objectives, academic questions and project deliverables. <br/>
									Also, it is important to know what kind of your project will be, either study project or engineering project.
								</li>
							</ul>
							
							After you have got all of the information needed, you are ready to submit a new idea. <br/> <br/>
							<div class="ui-sm-0">
								First, navigating to "Submit a new idea" page by clicking the link at the menu bar on the top of the page. 
								The link on the menu bar looks like the one below.<br/><br/>
								
								<div class="ui-g">
									<div class="ui-g-12" style="text-align: center;">
										<h:form style="width: fit-content;">
											<p:menubar style="width: fit-content;">
												<p:menuitem value=" Submit a new idea"  icon="fa fa-plus" ajax="false" onclick="return false;"   />
											</p:menubar>
										</h:form>
									</div>
								</div>
								
							</div>
							<div class="ui-md-0">
								If you are using a mobile phone, you can open the menu by clicking on a blue button located on the top right of your screen.
								The button looks like the one below.<br/><br/>
								
								<div class="ui-g" >
									<div class="ui-g-12" >
										<p:button id="hamburger" icon="fa fa-bars" onclick="return false;" style="width: 48px; height: 48px;" /><br/>
									</div>
								</div>
								
							</div>
							
							In the "Submit a new idea" page, there is a wizard that will help you create your new idea step-by-step. <br/>
							The wizard divides the process of creating a new idea into 3 easy steps<br/><br/>
							
							<b>1. The first step is to provide the detail of your project client. </b><br/><br/>
							You can search for you client and choose from the list by clicking a row in the list.
							After clicking a record in the list, the detail of your chosen client will be shown on the panel below the list.
							Then click the next button to proceed to the next step. Both buttons are the same, you can click any of them. 
							<br/><br/>
							
							There is also a textbox that lets you easily filter the records and find your client. 						
							The filter textbox will search for through contact name, organisation name and the reference number.<br/><br/>
							
							If you can't find your client you can submit new client &amp; organisation by clicking on the "Create new client and organisation" button.
							The button should look like the one below.<br/>	<br/>
							
							<div class="ui-g ui-g-nopad">
								<div class="ui-lg-5 ui-md-8 ui-sm-12 ui-g-nopad">
									<p:button value="Create new client and organisation" onclick="return false;"  icon="fa fa-pencil" />
								</div>
							</div>
							
							<br/><br/>
							
							After you have finished filling the detail, click on the submit button to create your new client &amp; organisation. 
							Don't forget to click on the reCAPTCHA for the security check. <br/>
							If you don't want to waste your time with the reCAPTCHA, sign in using the university email.
							Also, there are other features that facilitate your idea submission if you signed in such as pre-filling forms.
							<br/><br/>
							
							<b>2. The second step is to provide the detail of your project idea.</b>
							<br/><br/>
							There are 3 fields that come with tools that help you add styles and format your text. <br/>
							Please note that fields with an asterisk (*) are required fields. 
		
							<br/><br/>
							
							<b>3. The last step is just to review your idea detail before submission.</b>
							<br/><br/>
							If you are not satisfied with the information of your idea, you can click the back button and edit as many times as you want.
							And again, if you don't sign in, there will be a reCAPTCHA appearing to prevent spamming.<br/>
							Once you are sure with your idea detail, click the submit button and every thing is done. <br/><br/>
							
							Now the next process is to wait for our administrator to review and approve your idea. 
							All submitted idea will be reviewd by our administrator. Only the approved ideas will be able to be listed on the "Browse idea" page.
							<br/><br/>
							
							
							
						</p:tab>
						
						<p:tab title="How to register/create an account?  ">
							If you are a staff or a student of University of Portsmouth, you can sign in using your university email right away.<br/>
							If you are none of the above, unfortunately, there is currently no feature that allows visitors to create an account.
						</p:tab>
	
					</p:accordionPanel>
				</p:tab>
				
				<p:tab title="FAQ">
					<p:accordionPanel activeIndex="" >
						<p:tab title="1. What are the differences between an engineering project and a study project?">
							<div>
								<ul> 
									<li><strong>The study project</strong> usually involves undertaking a study of an information systems problem domain. 
									An example of the sort of thing you might do for a study project would be an evaluation of the information systems 
									impact of mobile devices on an organisation.
									<br/><br/>
									</li>
									<li><strong>The engineering project</strong> usually involves building a piece of software to solve a problem. 
									An example of the sort of thing you might do would be building an information system to address a 
									specific organisation's requirements. 
									</li>
								</ul> 
							</div>
						</p:tab>
						<p:tab title="2. Why can't I see my submitted idea?">
							<div>
								All submitted ideas have to be reviewed by the administrator before being listed on the page. 
								If your submitted idea is not listed on the page, that would be because of only one of these two reasons. 
								<ul>
									<li>Your idea has not been reviewd and approved by the adminstrator yet. </li> 
									<li>Your idea has been rejected by the adminstrator. </li> 
								</ul>
							</div>
						</p:tab>
						<p:tab title="3. Why does a submitted idea have to be reviewd and approved?">
							<div>
								To ensure that the project originated from the idea will be suitable for the university courses and meet the university standard.
							</div>
						</p:tab>
						<p:tab title="4. How long does it take for my idea to be approved?">
							<div>
								It depends on the admnistrator. Normally, it should not take longer than a week.
							</div>
						</p:tab>
						<p:tab title="5. How can I know if my idea has been approved?">
							<div>
								Currently, the only way to check if your idea has been approved is to search your idea on the idea list.
							</div>
						</p:tab>
						<p:tab title="6. What are the benefits of signing in?">
							<div>
								<ul>
									<li>Automatic form filling when creating idea and client
										<ul>
											<li>For student users, student name will be filled automatically when creating a new idea.</li>
											<li>For staff users, all client &amp; organisation detail will be filled automatically with the default information set by the administrator.</li>
										</ul>
									</li>
									<li>For every signed in user, there is no reCAPTCHA before submitting new ideas and new clients</li>
								</ul>
							</div>
						</p:tab>
						<p:tab title="7. Why can't I sign in with my Gmail account?">
							<div>
								Only emails of University of Portsmouth (@port.ac.uk and @myport.ac.uk) can be used to sign in.
							</div>
						</p:tab>
					</p:accordionPanel>
				</p:tab>
				<p:tab title="Agreement and policy" rendered="true">
					<ui:include src="#{Page.AGREEMENT_CONTENT.path}" />
				</p:tab>
			</p:tabView>
		</p:panel>
	</p:cache>
</ui:fragment>