<ui:fragment xmlns="http://www.w3c.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets" xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">


	<p:panel id="agreementDetail" >
		<div class="ui-g">
			<div class="ui-g-12">

				<h1>Terms of Service ("Terms")</h1>


				<p>Last updated: August 14, 2018</p>


				<p>Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the http://up869163.myvm.port.ac.uk/ides website (the "Service") operated by IDES Project Idea Database ("us", "we", or "our").</p>

				<p>Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.</p>

				<p>
					By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. This Terms of Service agreement for IDES Project Idea Database is <a href="https://termsfeed.com/terms-conditions/generator/">based on the Terms and Conditions from TermsFeed</a>.
				</p>
				
				<p>
					Also, by signing in to this web application using any of your email address means you agree this terms of service and agree to allow your email address to be recorded and stored in our system. <br /> 
				</p>



				<h2>Links To Other Web Sites</h2>

				<p>This website may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by IDES Project Idea Database.</p>

				<p>IDES Project Idea Database has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that IDES Project Idea Database shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or
					reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.</p>

				<p>We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.</p>


				<hr/>
				
				<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
				
				<p>This website uses cookie which is solely needed for authentication and carrying out transmission of a communication. The cookie will only live for the duration of your session and will be deleted when your browser is closed or when your session is expired. </p>
				
				<p>Any email address that is used for signing in will be logged and saved in our system whether the sign in is success or not.</p>



				<h2>Contact Us</h2>

				<p>If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.</p>

			</div>

		</div>

	</p:panel>


</ui:fragment>